#CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME
org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.ZKFCProtocolPB org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.HAServiceProtocolPB
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Decompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyDecompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Compressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataInputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.InputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsRecord org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricsRecordImpl
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsIntValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsLongValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.MBeans org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MBeanUtil
org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFileSystem
org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.AccessControlException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys
