#CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME
org.apache.hadoop.record.RecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.RecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.ZKFCProtocolPB org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.HAServiceProtocolPB
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyCompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyDecompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Decompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyDecompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Compressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec
org.apache.hadoop.io.OutputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.DataOutputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataInputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.InputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.jvm.EventCounter org.apache.hadoop.log.EventCounter
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsRecord org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricsRecordImpl
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsIntValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsLongValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableCounterLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableCounterInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.MBeans org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MBeanUtil
org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFileSystem
org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.AccessControlException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TrashPolicy org.apache.hadoop.fs.Trash
org.apache.hadoop.fs.ChecksumFs org.apache.hadoop.fs.ChecksumFileSystem
org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32CastagnoliFileChecksum org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32GzipFileChecksum
org.apache.hadoop.fs.local.LocalConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.ftp.FtpConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys
