#CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.meta.VectorTypeID org.apache.hadoop.record.meta.MapTypeID
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Compressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyDecompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataInputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.InputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.Rcc org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.RccTokenManager
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.AccessControlException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.ftp.FtpConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.local.LocalConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataOutputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.OutputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsLongValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsIntValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeInt
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue
org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.ZKFCProtocolPB org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.HAServiceProtocolPB
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MBeanUtil org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.MBeans
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyDecompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Decompressor
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingInt
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector
org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32GzipFileChecksum org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32CastagnoliFileChecksum
