#CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.search.TermStatistics org.apache.lucene.search.CollectionStatistics
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Lambda org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffect
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.VarSortedBytesImpl org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.FixedSortedBytesImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.LongsRef org.apache.lucene.util.IntsRef
org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40SegmentInfoReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40SegmentInfoWriter
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.PackedDataInput org.apache.lucene.util.packed.PackedDataOutput
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed16ThreeBlocks org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct8
org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1TParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2TParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.VarStraightBytesImpl org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.FixedStraightBytesImpl
org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException org.apache.lucene.store.AlreadyClosedException
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.BasicAutomata
org.apache.lucene.codecs.Codec org.apache.lucene.util.NamedSPILoader
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Distribution org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Lambda
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.codecs.PerDocConsumer org.apache.lucene.codecs.PerDocProducer
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectL org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIF
org.apache.lucene.index.DirectoryReader org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong
org.apache.lucene.util.BytesRef org.apache.lucene.util.IntsRef
org.apache.lucene.util.BytesRef org.apache.lucene.util.LongsRef
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40StoredFieldsWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40TermVectorsWriter
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.PerFieldSimilarityWrapper org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeTermsEnum org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsWriter
org.apache.lucene.index.DocsAndPositionsEnum org.apache.lucene.index.DocsEnum
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelD org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelP
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModel org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffect
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModel org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Distribution
org.apache.lucene.util.RecyclingByteBlockAllocator org.apache.lucene.util.RecyclingIntBlockAllocator
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40StoredFieldsReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xStoredFieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.document.IntField org.apache.lucene.document.LongField
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.FixedDerefBytesImpl org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.FixedSortedBytesImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1ParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2TParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1ParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1TParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexInput org.apache.lucene.store.ChecksumIndexOutput
org.apache.lucene.search.BoostAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.search.MaxNonCompetitiveBoostAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.MutableBits org.apache.lucene.util.Bits
org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat
org.apache.lucene.index.NoMergePolicy org.apache.lucene.index.NoMergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeFilter org.apache.lucene.search.TermRangeQuery
org.apache.lucene.store.FlushInfo org.apache.lucene.store.MergeInfo
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.AutomatonProvider org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.BasicAutomata
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.AutomatonProvider org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair
org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.PerFieldSimilarityWrapper
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene41.Lucene41Codec org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40Codec
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.ByteRunAutomaton org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.CharacterRunAutomaton
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40PostingsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene41.Lucene41PostingsFormat
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct64 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct8
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.StringField org.apache.lucene.document.TextField
org.apache.lucene.codecs.DocValuesFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldsProducer
org.apache.lucene.codecs.DocValuesFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValue org.apache.lucene.search.MaxNonCompetitiveBoostAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValue org.apache.lucene.search.BoostAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xNormsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xFieldInfosFormat
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.NormalizationH2 org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.NormalizationH1
org.apache.lucene.util.fst.CharSequenceOutputs org.apache.lucene.util.fst.IntSequenceOutputs
org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanNearPayloadCheckQuery org.apache.lucene.search.spans.SpanPayloadCheckQuery
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.VarDerefBytesImpl org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.FixedSortedBytesImpl
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.VarDerefBytesImpl org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.VarSortedBytesImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xFieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40FieldInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.index.LogByteSizeMergePolicy org.apache.lucene.index.LogDocMergePolicy
org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeQuery org.apache.lucene.search.NumericRangeFilter
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.KeywordAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.KeywordAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.KeywordAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.KeywordAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.AveragePayloadFunction org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.MaxPayloadFunction
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectB org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIF
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectB org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectL
org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelAtomicReader org.apache.lucene.index.ParallelCompositeReader
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentWriteState org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReadState
org.apache.lucene.codecs.PostingsConsumer org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermsConsumer
org.apache.lucene.index.AtomicReader org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.Floats org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.Ints
org.apache.lucene.util.ByteBlockPool org.apache.lucene.util.IntBlockPool
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct16 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct16 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed16ThreeBlocks
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct16 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct64
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.store.NIOFSDirectory org.apache.lucene.store.SimpleFSDirectory
org.apache.lucene.document.FloatField org.apache.lucene.document.LongField
org.apache.lucene.document.FloatField org.apache.lucene.document.IntField
org.apache.lucene.store.LockStressTest org.apache.lucene.store.LockVerifyServer
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFormatTooNewException org.apache.lucene.index.IndexFormatTooOldException
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldsProducer
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.PerFieldSimilarityWrapper
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.index.MergeScheduler
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.DocValuesFormat
org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSet org.apache.lucene.search.FilteredDocIdSetIterator
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.LambdaDF org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.LambdaTTF
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24
org.apache.lucene.codecs.MappingMultiDocsEnum org.apache.lucene.codecs.MappingMultiDocsAndPositionsEnum
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.BasicAutomata
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.AutomatonProvider
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.BasicAutomata
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.AutomatonProvider
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton
org.apache.lucene.search.MaxNonCompetitiveBoostAttribute org.apache.lucene.search.BoostAttribute
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40PostingsBaseFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene41.Lucene41PostingsBaseFormat
org.apache.lucene.analysis.Tokenizer org.apache.lucene.analysis.TokenFilter
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed8ThreeBlocks org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed8ThreeBlocks org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed16ThreeBlocks
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed8ThreeBlocks org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct16
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.values.DirectSource org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValue
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.State org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.State org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.State org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition
org.apache.lucene.codecs.PostingsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.Codec
org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadNearQuery org.apache.lucene.search.payloads.PayloadTermQuery
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIn org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIF
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIn org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectL
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIn org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectB
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4
org.apache.lucene.store.LockReleaseFailedException org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.DistributionSPL org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.DistributionLL
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldsProducer
org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoWriter org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.IntDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.PackedLongDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.LongDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.ByteDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.ShortDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDate
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueFloat
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueLong
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueDouble
org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueStr org.apache.lucene.util.mutable.MutableValueBool
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelBE org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelG
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.MinimizationOperations org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.StatePair
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.MinimizationOperations org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.AutomatonProvider
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.MinimizationOperations org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.RunAutomaton
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.MinimizationOperations org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Transition
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40SkipListReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xSkipListReader
org.apache.lucene.store.IndexOutput org.apache.lucene.store.IndexInput
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xTermVectorsReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xStoredFieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene3x.Lucene3xTermVectorsReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.lucene40.Lucene40TermVectorsReader
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiDocsAndPositionsEnum org.apache.lucene.index.MultiDocsEnum
org.apache.lucene.document.StraightBytesDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.SortedBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.document.StraightBytesDocValuesField org.apache.lucene.document.DerefBytesDocValuesField
org.apache.lucene.index.Terms org.apache.lucene.index.Fields
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Normalization org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffect
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.Normalization org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModel
org.apache.lucene.index.CompositeReader org.apache.lucene.index.MultiReader
org.apache.lucene.index.CompositeReader org.apache.lucene.index.AtomicReader
org.apache.lucene.util.fst.ByteSequenceOutputs org.apache.lucene.util.fst.IntSequenceOutputs
org.apache.lucene.util.fst.ByteSequenceOutputs org.apache.lucene.util.fst.CharSequenceOutputs
org.apache.lucene.util.fst.BytesRefFSTEnum org.apache.lucene.util.fst.IntsRefFSTEnum
org.apache.lucene.util.CharsRef org.apache.lucene.util.IntsRef
org.apache.lucene.util.CharsRef org.apache.lucene.util.LongsRef
org.apache.lucene.util.CharsRef org.apache.lucene.util.BytesRef
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked3
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked22
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked6
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked13
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked2
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked14
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked7
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked12
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked15
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked19
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked18
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked23
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked20
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked5
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked11
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked1
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked24
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked9
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked4
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked10
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked17 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked21
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.LMJelinekMercerSimilarity org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.LMDirichletSimilarity
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPackedSingleBlock org.apache.lucene.util.packed.BulkOperationPacked
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2ParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2TParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2ParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1TParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev2ParametricDescription org.apache.lucene.util.automaton.Lev1ParametricDescription
org.apache.lucene.index.ReaderManager org.apache.lucene.search.SearcherManager
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionLengthAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionIncrementAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionLengthAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.FlagsAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionLengthAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.TypeAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionLengthAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PayloadAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.PositionLengthAttributeImpl org.apache.lucene.analysis.tokenattributes.KeywordAttributeImpl
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.NormalizationH3 org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.NormalizationZ
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldsProducer
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.DocValuesFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoWriter
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.NormsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.PerFieldSimilarityWrapper
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.TermVectorsFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsReader
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.SegmentInfoFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosFormat
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosWriter
org.apache.lucene.codecs.StoredFieldsFormat org.apache.lucene.codecs.FieldInfosReader
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct32 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct8
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct32 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed16ThreeBlocks
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct32 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct64
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct32 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct16
org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Direct32 org.apache.lucene.util.packed.Packed8ThreeBlocks
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIne org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectL
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIne org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.AfterEffectB
org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIne org.apache.lucene.search.similarities.BasicModelIn
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleField org.apache.lucene.document.LongField
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleField org.apache.lucene.document.IntField
org.apache.lucene.document.DoubleField org.apache.lucene.document.FloatField
