#CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME CANONICAL_CLASS_NAME
org.apache.hadoop.io.IntWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.FloatWritable
org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSInputStream org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSOutputStream
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSInputStream
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers
org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.meta.VectorTypeID org.apache.hadoop.record.meta.MapTypeID
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.NullContext org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.OutputRecord org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.OutputRecord org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.NullContext
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Compressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.fs.FSInputStream org.apache.hadoop.fs.Seekable
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableCounterLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableCounterInt
org.apache.hadoop.record.BinaryRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.BinaryRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.security.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.authorize.AuthorizationException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyDecompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.bzip2.BZip2DummyCompressor
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathAccessDeniedException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathOperationException
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataInputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.InputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JInt org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JLong
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.Rcc org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.RccTokenManager
org.apache.hadoop.fs.ChecksumFs org.apache.hadoop.fs.ChecksumFileSystem
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.fs.local.LocalFs org.apache.hadoop.fs.ftp.FtpFs
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsDirectoryException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathOperationException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsDirectoryException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathAccessDeniedException
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.NullContext
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.OutputRecord
org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.authorize.AuthorizationException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.AccessControlException org.apache.hadoop.security.AccessControlException
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.jvm.EventCounter org.apache.hadoop.log.EventCounter
org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFileSystem org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.ViewFs
org.apache.hadoop.fs.ftp.FtpConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.local.LocalConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsNotDirectoryException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathOperationException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsNotDirectoryException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathAccessDeniedException
org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsNotDirectoryException org.apache.hadoop.fs.PathIsDirectoryException
org.apache.hadoop.io.DataOutputBuffer org.apache.hadoop.io.OutputBuffer
org.apache.hadoop.io.LongWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.FloatWritable
org.apache.hadoop.io.LongWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.IntWritable
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsLongValue org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsIntValue
org.apache.hadoop.io.VLongWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.VIntWritable
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeInt
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableGaugeLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.lib.MutableCounterLong
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.RccConstants org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.RccTokenManager
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.RccConstants org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.generated.Rcc
org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSImpl org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSOutputStream
org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSImpl org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSInputStream
org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSImpl org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSImpl org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.Util
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.Servers
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.Updater
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.NullContext
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.OutputRecord
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.metrics.spi.MetricValue
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.MetricsException org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSImpl
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JBuffer org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JLong
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JBuffer org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JInt
org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.ZKFCProtocolPB org.apache.hadoop.ha.protocolPB.HAServiceProtocolPB
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.kfs.KFSConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3.S3FileSystemConfigKeys org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.UnexpectedServerException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcException
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcClientException org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RpcServerException
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.CompressionCodec
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.Lz4Codec org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.SnappyCodec
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MBeanUtil org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.util.MBeans
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.snappy.SnappyDecompressor org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.lz4.Lz4Decompressor
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingLong org.apache.hadoop.metrics.util.MetricsTimeVaryingInt
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.CsvRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JDouble
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordOutput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JString
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JFloat
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.XmlRecordInput
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JMap org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.JVector
org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32GzipFileChecksum org.apache.hadoop.fs.MD5MD5CRC32CastagnoliFileChecksum
org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.CGenerator org.apache.hadoop.record.compiler.CppGenerator
org.apache.hadoop.io.ByteWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.FloatWritable
org.apache.hadoop.io.ByteWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.IntWritable
org.apache.hadoop.io.ByteWritable org.apache.hadoop.io.LongWritable
